Maintaining Flight Level tree one zero.
Descending to Flight Level two niner zero.
Reaching Flight Level one niner zero.
Maintaining Flight Level niner zero over Whiskey X-ray Juliett.
Continue descent to tree tousand feet, QNH one zero one two.
Passing Flight Level one eight zero for Flight Level tree one zero.
Cleared to enter controlled airspace not above Flight Level one zero zero.
Request further climb.
Fly direct to Sierra Hotel Alfa, not below Flight Level one eight zero.
After passing Charlie Golf Oscar descend to Flight Level eight zero.
Stop descent at Flight Level two one zero.
Descending to reach Flight Level one fife zero by Whiskey X-ray India.
Unable to reach Flight Level one fife zero by Zulu Hotel Oscar due performance.
Climbing to Flight Level two niner zero, to be level by fife fife.
Descend at two tousand feet per minute.
Climbing at one tousand feet per minute or greater.
When ready, descend to Flight Level two one zero, level at Papa Lima Tango.
Right heading tree tree zero, descending to tree tousand feet, cleared for I L S approach Runway tree six right.
Descend to tree tousand feet, information Papa is current.
Expedite descent to Flight Level one eight zero.
Expedite climb to Flight Level one niner zero.
Climb to Flight Level two eight zero expedite until passing Flight Level one eight zero.
Unable to expedite climb due weight.
Descending immediately to Flight Level two zero zero due traffic.
When ready, climb to Flight Level two eight zero, report leaving Flight Level two zero zero.
Leaving Flight Level two zero zero, climbing to Flight Level two eight zero.
Maintaining own separation and V M C, descending to Flight Level eight zero.
Reaching eight tousand feet, request further climb.
Cancel S I D, track direct to Lima Lima Kilo, climb to and maintain Flight Level one one zero.
Experiencing icing condition. Request further descent.
Icing condition encountered. Request further climb.
Experiencing severe turbulence. Request further descent.
Reduce speed to Mach decimal seven six.
Maintain Mach decimal eight four or greater.
Maintain Mach decimal eight zero or less.
Maintain present speed.
Maintain 250 knots or greater.
Reduce to minimum clean speed.
Reduce to minimum approach speed.
Maintain 160 knots until 4 miles final.
Maintain 160 knots until outer marker.
Descend to Flight Level one two zero, on speed conversion, 250 knots.
Cancel speed restriction, continue descent to seven tousand feet.
Lima Mike November zero two Departure, passing two tousand fife hundred feet climbing to niner tousand feet.
Maintaining Flight Level tree fife zero, cleared to destination, flight planned route.
Request radar vectors for visual approach Runway two two.
Request join downwind Runway tree one.
Request taxi to holding point Runway one tree.
Request taxi to south maintenance ramp.
Request frequency change.
15 nautical miles to Hotel Romeo Bravo, Flight Level two niner zero, tracking to Juliett Mike Uniform, squawking six fife four tree.
Contact Control on one one eight decimal niner.
Position Oblik at zero six four six, maintaining Flight Level tree one zero, estimating Zulu Foxtrot zero six fife eight, Whiskey Uniform Hotel next.
Next report at Whiskey X-ray Alfa.
Omit position reports.
Omit position reports on this frequency.
Resume position reporting.
Delay not determined due runway obstruction.
Approach time not determined due weather.
Slot time not determined due flow control.
Revised slot time at fife six.
Expect hold at Hotel Uniform Romeo V O R for 10 minutes due traffic.
Expected approach time four four.
Revised expected approach time fife four.
No delay expected.
Delay not determined, numerous aircraft holding for weather improvement.
Cleared to exit the hold, fly direct to Mike Lima. Contact Approach on one two eight decimal tree fife.
Approach clearance canceled, turn left direct to Delta Alfa, climb to four tousand feet, hold as published, expect further clearance at time fife zero.
Ready for approach.
Request leave the holding pattern.
After passing Sierra Yankee V O R, leave the hold on heading two fife zero, cleared for V O R approach Runway zero six.
Leave Juliett Foxtrot Kilo V O R heading two one zero.
Cleared to Lima Hotel Romeo, hold at Lima Hotel Romeo as published. Maintain eight tousand feet. Expect further clearance at one eight.
Hold south of Alfa Mike Sierra V O R at niner tousand feet, inbound track two seven zero degrees, left hand pattern, outbound time 1 minute. Expect further clearance at four six.
Cleared to the one eight zero radial of Papa Echo Romeo V O R at one fife D M E. Hold south, left hand pattern, outbound time 2 minutes, expect approach clearance at tree seven.
Information Papa received, stand zero tree, ready to copy A T C clearance.
Gate 26, request clearance to London with information Foxtrot.
Cleared to destination, flight planned route, cruising level tree tree zero, departure Runway zero four, initial altitude seven tousand feet. Hotel Zulu zero one Departure, squawk two fife six tree, departure frequency one two four decimal tree fife.
Cleared to destination via Zulu Alfa Mike, flight planned route, Delta zero tree Departure, cruising level two tree zero, squawk tree seven six tree.
Cleared to destination via flight planned route, Runway tree six right, Lima Kilo Oscar zero one Departure, initially climb to four tousand fife hundred feet, cruising level tree one zero, when airborne contact one one niner decimal seven, squawk two fife one fife.
Cleared via Zulu Foxtrot zero one Departure, initial altitude fife tousand feet. Departure frequency one two fife decimal niner. Cruising level two niner zero, departure Runway zero four. Squawk six fife six tree.
Cleared to destination via flight plan route. Departure Runway tree six left. Hotel Zulu zero one Delta Departure. Initial altitude fife tousand feet. Cruising level tree tree zero. Departure frequency one one niner decimal four fife, squawk fife six six seven.
Recleared to destination via Zulu Foxtrot zero one Departure, Runway tree six right, rest of clearance unchanged.
Recleared to destination via Bravo two one tree, Whiskey Hotel Alfa, Romeo tree four tree, rest of route unchanged.
Cleared to destination via flight planned route, initial climb to two tousand seven hundred feet, request level change en-route, departure frequency one two zero decimal tree, squawk zero seven two two.
Gate 15, information Charlie, ready to copy A T C clearance.
Cleared to destination, Bravo Kilo zero two R Nav Departure, initially tree tousand feet, departure frequency one two fife decimal four, squawk tree tree one one.
Say again all after tree tousand feet.
Say again all before departure frequency.
Say again the initial altitude.
Unable to cross Lima X-ray Flight Level one fife zero due weight, maintaining Flight Level one tree zero.
Destination Beijing, request departure information.
Bay 24, request start-up.
Start up approved, QNH two niner decimal niner one.
Start up approved, altimeter setting two niner decimal niner one.
Start up at tree fife, QNH niner niner seven.
Expect start up at tree fife, QNH one zero tree zero.
Expect departure at four niner, start up at own discretion, QNH one zero zero four.
Radio check on one one eight decimal tree.
I read you 5.
You are unreadable.
Can you speak slower?
How do you read?
QNH niner niner seven, I say again, QNH niner niner seven.
Stand 27, request pushback.
Pushback approved, Runway tree one.
Stand by pushback.
Pushback at own discretion.
Pushback approved, long pushback.
Pushback to taxiway Alfa approved.
Pushback approved, facing west.
Cancel pushback, we have maintenance problem.
Ground, Cockpit. Ready for pushback.
Brakes released.
Starting Number One.
Brakes set, disconnect.
Request taxi.
Taxi via taxiway Charlie to holding point Runway two four.
Taxi to holding point Runway two four, traffic in sight.
Request taxi back for maintenance purpose.
Negative. We need 10 minutes to cool the brakes.
Approaching holding point, request crossing Runway two four.
Hold short of Runway two four.
Holding, traffic in sight.
Cross Runway two four, report runway vacated.
Unable to vacate via Alfa two, request full length of runway.
Crossing Runway two four, wilco.
Runway vacated.
Giving way to Boeing seven forty seven passing from left to right.
Follow the greens to holding point Runway zero fife right.
Cross red stop-bar at Alfa one, we understand stop-bar unserviceable.
After landing Airbus three twenty, cross Runway two four, report vacated.
Taxi to holding point Charlie tree, Runway tree six.
Behind Boeing seven forty seven passing left to right, taxi to holding point Alfa one Runway two four.
Ready for departure.
After departure, climb straight ahead until tree tousand feet.
Cancel S I D, maintain runway heading.
Lining up Runway zero one center.
Ready for immediate departure.
Cleared for immediate takeoff.
Runway zero six, cleared for takeoff. Report airborne.
Cleared for takeoff, Runway zero six, wilco.
Airborne, passing fife hundred feet for four tousand feet.
The airbus on final in sight.
Behind Airbus on short final, line up behind.
After departure, turn left heading one niner zero, Runway two four right, cleared for takeoff.
Request right turn when airborne due weather.
Take off immediately or hold short of runway.
Take off immediately or vacate runway.
Hold position, cancel takeoff, I say again, cancel takeoff.
Holding position.
Stopping! Engine fire.
Request return to ramp.
Tire burst, possible evacuation on runway.
Negative intersection departure due performance.
Affirm. We can accept intersection departure from Charlie two.
Request intersection departure from Charlie two.
Request Takeoff Runway Available (T O R A) from intersection Charlie two.
Request Accelerate-Stop Distance Available (A S D A) from intersection Delta one.
Request Takeoff Distance Available (T O D A) from intersection Echo tree.
Line up and wait. Understand one aircraft to depart from Alfa two.
Taxi via Alfa two, backtrack and line-up Runway one eight.
Airbus three thirty heavy, eight tousand feet, Information X-ray.
Join right-hand downwind, Runway tree four.
Number Two, follow Airbus three thirty on base.
Number Two, traffic in sight.
Straight-in visual approach, Runway tree four.
Extend downwind, Number Two, Airbus three twenty in sight.
Orbit right. Number Two.
Number Two, follow Airbus three twenty ahead.
Make a short approach.
Long final, airfield in sight.
Continue approach Runway two fife.
Runway two seven, cleared to land.
Short final, request wind check.
Request low pass due unsafe landing gear indication.
Low pass approved Runway two seven, not below fife hundred feet.
Landing clearance canceled. Continue approach.
Behind the Boeing seven thirty seven, cleared to land.
Request low approach.
Runway not in sight, going around.
No contact at minimum, going around.
Wind shear, going around.
Going around, localizer fluctuation.
Follow the standard missed approach procedure, climbing to tree tousand feet.
Take first right. When vacated, contact Ground one one eight decimal tree fife.
After vacated contact Ground one two one decimal six.
Taxi to Stand 27 via Taxiway Alfa.
Taxi to the end of Runway.
Confirm construction work adjacent to Gate 37.
Confirm centerline taxiway lighting unserviceable.
Confirm P A P I light unserviceable.
The Runway light is too bright. Request dim it.
Flock of birds 3 miles final.
Runway covered with patches of water, braking action medium.
Confirm airport rescue and fire facilities category.
Is the weather improving or deteriorating?
Thicker patches of fog exist further along the runway. R V R significantly reduced.
Confirm current R V R less than four hundred meters.
Confirm visibility more than one tousand meters.
Is mid-point R V R available?
Confirm R V R Runway two seven.
R V R Runway two seven is six hundred meters.
Confirm touchdown R V R greater than tree hundred fife zero meters.
Confirm stop-end R V R one hundred fife zero meters.
Confirm midpoint R V R more than fife hundred fife zero meters.
Confirm threshold Runway two seven displaced.
The runway surface is damp. Braking action good.
Confirm the reason for our flight suspension.
Confirm our flight has been suspended due bio-hazards at destination.
Confirm the reason for impounding our aircraft.
Tow approved via A to remote apron.
Request de-icing.
Request frost removal only at the gate.
De-icing completed. Request taxi.
Request start engine at the gate.
Request time check.
Request backtrack.
Unable Bravo Kilo one Alfa Departure due performance. Request Bravo Kilo one Bravo.
Request departure instruction.
When airborne, track extended center-line, cleared for takeoff, Runway one eight.
Contact Arrival one one eight decimal zero fife zero.
Request remote apron for maintenance purpose.
Continue present heading.
Resume own navigation to Bravo Kilo.
Confirm identification lost.
Identified, position 50 miles east of Bravo Kilo.
30 miles from touchdown, contact Approach one one eight decimal one.
Three sixty turn left.
Orbit left for delay.
Looking out.
Traffic in sight.
Negative contact due I M C.
Traffic passed and clear.
Squawk seven fife six tree.
Reset squawk fife one zero one.
Squawk ident.
Squawk standby.
Squawk Charlie and code fife one two zero.
Stopping squawk Charlie.
Affirm squawk seven fife zero zero.
Altimeter one zero zero tree eight tousand feet.
Negative squawk ident due transponder failure.
Turn right heading tree four zero.
Turn right 20 degrees.
Leave Bravo Kilo heading one niner zero.
Fly heading two eight fife.
Stop turn heading zero seven zero.
Request heading one eight zero due weather.
Confirm danger area 113 active.
Your radar vector appears to be taking us to the prohibited area, confirm.
50 miles right of track approved, when able, proceed direct Tango Bravo.
Indicated speed 270 knots.
Maintain 300 knots or less.
Maintain 180 knots until 8 miles from touchdown.
Maintain Mach decimal eight two, transition speed 310 knots.
Maintain speed 280 knots or greater for separation.
Cross Charlie Kilo at tree fife or later.
Cross Delta Golf at two four or earlier.
Do not exceed 280 knots.
Reduce speed to 240 knots.
Increase speed to 300 knots or greater.
Increase speed by one zero knots.
Resume normal speed.
No speed restrictions.
Request speed 200 knots due configuration.
Request speed 250 knots due turbulence.
Omit position reports until Lima November.
Next report at India Papa.
Report required only at boundary.
We have traffic at our twelve o'clock, 5 miles, fife hundred feet below, climbing.
Traffic indication at our one o'clock, 4 miles, same altitude, converging.
Request vectors.
Unable to receive transmission on that frequency.
Request 15 miles final.
Maintain tree tousand feet until glide path interception.
NOTAM says glide slope for Runway one fife is unserviceable, confirm.
Confirm I L S frequency for Runway one seven left.
In case of going around, turn left heading two one zero.
Advise transponder capability.
Transponder Charlie.
Transponder unserviceable.
A D S B transmitter one zero niner zero data link.
A D S B receiver one zero niner zero data link.
Negative A D S B.
Re-enter A D S B aircraft identification.
Stop A D S B transmission.
Stop squawk transmit A D S B only.
Fly no further west of your current position.
Unable identify the waypoint, request radar vectors.
Right heading one two zero, my own terrain clearance.
Heading one two zero, correction, one four zero.
We are too low to the surrounding terrain. Confirm we are still being radar vectored.
Confirm we are still above your minimum vectoring altitude.
Right heading zero four zero until passing Flight Level seven zero then direct to Bravo Kilo.
Direct to Juliett Oscar, descend to Flight Level fife zero.
Passing Flight Level seven zero.
Descending to four tousand feet QNH one zero zero fife, expect I L S approach Runway two four.
Request straight-in I L S approach Runway two four.
Cleared straight-in I L S approach Runway two four, descend to tree tousand feet, QNH one zero one one.
Airfield in sight, request visual approach.
When established on the localizer, descend on the glide path.
Established on the localizer.
Fully established Runway two four.
Cleared V O R-D M E approach Runway two four, descending to tree tousand feet QNH one zero zero seven.
Runway in sight.
Number One, contact Tower one one eight decimal seven.
Passing outer marker.
Report Mike Quebec Romeo outbound.
Procedure turn completed, localizer established.
Request visual approach.
Cleared visual approach Runway two four.
Request holding instructions.
Hold over Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at Flight Level one zero zero, inbound track two eight zero degrees, left hand pattern, outbound time 1 minute.
Request holding procedure.
Hold on the two six fife radial of Bravo Kilo Mike V O R between 25 and 30 miles D M E, Flight Level one zero zero, inbound track zero eight fife, right hand pattern, expected approach time one zero two two.
Hold at 20 D M E of Sierra Tango V O R, Flight Level one zero zero, inbound track two six zero degrees, left turns, limiting outbound distance 24 D M E.
Overhead Yankee Victor, maintaining tree tousand feet, entering hold.
Leaving Bravo Kilo Mike V O R heading one one zero.
Leaving Flight Level six zero, descending to two tousand fife hundred feet, QNH one zero zero eight.
Position 10 miles north east of Lima November.
Turn right heading one eight zero for base leg.
Reduce to minimum approach speed, turn right heading two tree zero, cleared for I L S approach Runway two seven.
No A T C speed restrictions. Contact Tower one one eight decimal niner.
Three sixty turn left for delay.
Continue present heading, expect through the localizer for spacing.
Surveillance radar approach Runway two seven, maintaining two tousand two hundred feet.
QNH one zero zero tree, threshold elevation one hundred niner six feet.
Precision radar approach Runway two seven heading two six zero, descending to two tousand fife hundred feet, QNH one zero one four.
Cleared to Jemmy via Bravo Kilo one Alfa Arrival.
Descend to reach fife tousand feet by Bravo Kilo.
When ready, descend to Flight Level two zero zero. Report leaving Flight Level tree zero zero.
Descend immediately Flight Level two fife zero.
Descend to altitude one two tousand feet QNH one zero zero zero.
Descend to height two tousand feet QFE niner niner seven hectopascals.
Descend to eight tousand feet at one tousand feet per minute or greater.
Maintain own separation and V M C, descend to Flight Level fife zero.
Increasing rate of climb.
Unable expedite climb due weight.
Climb to six tousand feet, follow Kodap zero one Departure.
Passing altitude two tousand tree hundred feet, climbing to Flight Level eight zero.
Climb to Flight Level two one zero, level restrictions of Kodap zero one Departure canceled.
Climb to Flight Level two one zero, cross Alfa Uniform at Flight Level one zero zero or below.
Climb to Flight Level two niner zero, level at time fife fife.
Unable Flight Level tree niner zero by boundary, request Flight Level tree tree zero.
Descend to Flight Level one zero zero, cross Yankee Uniform Flight Level one fife zero or above.
After passing North Cross, descend to Flight Level one fife zero.
We are far above profile. Request holding.
Stop descent at fife tousand feet.
Expedite descent until passing Flight Level eight zero.
Expect descent after Alfa Kilo.
Continue approach Runway tree six right, maintain visual separation with preceding traffic.
Contact Control 80 miles after Bravo Kilo.
Request change to London Control.
Monitor Tower one one eight decimal one.
Remain this frequency.
We can see the approach lights at two hundred feet.
Cleared V O R approach Runway tree six, followed by circling to Runway one eight.
Expect commencing approach at time fife zero.
Unable circling approach due company policy. Request diversion.
Request R Nav approach.
R Nav approach not available due F M S database. Request V O R approach.
Cleared for L D A approach Runway two four.
Unable R Nav due equipment, request conventional arrival.
Unable R Nav, loss of raym, request N D B approach.
G P S primary lost, going around.
raym alert, going around.
Negative R Nav.
Proceed to Alfa Kilo, hold as published, expect approach clearance at tree zero.
Request hold for weather improvement, visibility below company minima.
Hold at Bravo Kilo Mike V O R Flight Level two fife zero, right hand pattern, expect further clearance at two tree, landing delay at destination airport 30 minutes.
Holding northwest of Whiskey V O R Flight Level one two zero, what is the delay for approach?
Request to extend the holding pattern for accomplishing the checklist.
Request extended holding to burn fuel to reduce the weight.
Cleared for Category two I L S approach Runway two four.
Join right hand downwind, visual approach Runway two four.
Continue approach, prepare for possible go around.
Disregard. We made the wrong transmission.
Roger, request continue approach.
Stand by. We are carrying out procedures.
Wilco, words twice.
Maintaining Flight Level tree fife zero, expect descent after Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Climb to and maintain Flight Level tree one zero. Maintain Mach decimal eight one or greater until Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Descend to and maintain Flight Level two seven zero. Do not exceed Mach decimal seven niner.
Continue climb to Flight Level two niner zero, cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R not above Flight Level two tree zero.
Negative, unable cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at or above Flight Level two tree zero due performance.
Maintaining Flight Level tree one zero until advised.
Descend to Flight Level one seven zero, cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at or above Flight Level two one zero.
Affirm, cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at or above Flight Level one niner zero.
Negative, unable to cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R below Flight Level one seven zero.
Affirm, cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at or before fife fife.
Negative, unable to cross Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at four tree or later.
Request lose time en route due landing delay at destination airport.
Request lose time en route to finish the checklist.
Request parallel offset from current track due weather ahead.
Request parallel offset from current airway for 30 minutes due icing condition.
Proceed offset 10 miles right of track until abeam Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Cleared offset 25 miles left of track for 30 minutes.
Offset canceled, turn right to rejoin the Alfa one before Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Clear of weather, request to resume flight route.
Climb to and maintain Flight Level two niner zero, re-cleared to track direct to Bravo Kilo Mike V O R, the rest unchanged.
Estimating crossing Lima Victor N D B one one two tree.
Passing Papa Oscar Uniform at four tree, maintaining Flight Level tree one zero, estimating Mike Lima Tango at fife fife, next November Lima Delta.
Bravo Kilo Mike four seven, Flight Level one seven zero descending to Flight Level one two zero, abeam November Lima Delta V O R at fife fife.
Report 25 miles from Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Report 34 miles from Top of Descent.
Report crossing two seven zero radial Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Report 28 miles D M E two one zero radial Bravo Kilo Mike V O R.
Climb to Flight Level two two zero, report passing Flight Level one seven zero.
Descending immediately to Flight Level one niner zero.
Leaving Flight Level two two zero for Flight Level one niner zero.
Request clearance to enter controlled airspace northeast of Bravo Kilo Mike V O R at Flight Level two four zero at time four tree.
Remain outside controlled airspace, expect joining clearance at time fife fife.
Request to leave controlled airspace by descent.
Request to leave controlled airspace by climb.
Descending to fife tousand feet QNH one zero one four, report passing seven tousand feet.
Request V M C descent to Flight Level six zero.
Descending to Flight Level six zero, maintain V M C Flight Level niner zero to Flight Level seven zero, report traffic in sight at Flight Level eight zero.
Request join airway Alfa one at Dapro.
Cleared to destination airport via Dapro, flight planned route, Flight Level two four zero, join Alfa one at Flight Level two four zero.
Remain outside controlled airspace, expect further clearance at fife fife.
If Flight Level two four zero not available, we accept Flight Level two two zero.
Cleared to leave Alfa one via Bravo Kilo Mike V O R, maintain Flight Level two tree zero while in controlled airspace.
Confirm we are under radar control.
Confirm radar service is terminated.
Radar service is terminated due technical failure. Maintain Mach decimal eight one or less for separation.
Confirm radar control is resumed.
Radar control is resumed, track direct to Bravo Kilo Mike V O R and increase speed to Mach decimal eight four.
Affirm R V S M.
Negative R V S M due equipment downgraded.
Request clearance into R V S M airspace.
Unable R V S M due turbulence.
Ready to resume R V S M.
Position four two North one six fife East at zero eight zero zero, Flight Level tree niner zero, estimating four four North one eight zero East at zero niner zero zero four fife North one seven zero West next.
At one fife zero West contact San Francisco Radio, primary tree four niner four, secondary one one tree four two.
At one four four East squawk two zero zero zero.
C P D L C connected.
Continue C P D L C make position report via C P D L C.
Selcal code Echo Foxtrot Foxtrot Golf, request Selcal check.
C P D L C unserviceable, request to revert to voice communication.
The air conditioning system has malfunctioned.
We have only one air conditioning pack operational. Request a new cruising level below Flight Level tree zero zero.
All our air conditioning packs have malfunctioned. Request rapid descent to M E A.
We had a malfunction of one air conditioning pack. Request descent to a lower level.
We have lost electrical power to the cabin air compressor. Request immediate descent to one zero tousand feet.
We just had a smoke emergency. We need to depressurize the airplane to let in fresh air. Request rapid descent to eight tousand feet.
We have unusual smell from air conditioning packs. Request stop climb at seven tousand feet.
Many passengers are suffering from smoke inhalation. Request medical assistance on arrival.
Our pressurization system has malfunctioned.
We have difficulty in controlling the cabin pressure.
We have a cabin altitude problem.
Our cabin rate of climb has red-lined. Request immediate descent.
We have a slow cabin decompression. Request immediate descent.
Our cabin altitude at one time had reached one six tousand feet. Some passengers have symptoms of hypoxia.
We are now depressurized and will fly a more shallow descent profile.
Request descent rate less than fife hundred feet per minute due to unpressurized cabin.
We are now ventilating with ram air. It is best that our rate of descent does not exceed six hundred feet per minute.
We have a problem with the avionics ventilation system.
We have an avionics ventilation problem. The skin heat-exchangers and blower fan have failed.
The avionics ventilation is unserviceable. Request diversion to the closest suitable airport.
We have severe vibration coming from the avionics ventilation fan.
There are unusual noises coming from the avionics bay.
Our F M S has malfunctioned. Request radar vectors.
Request further climb due wind-shear.
Unable to maintain altitude, request leaving R V S M airspace.
We cannot make R N P approach due equipment.
Our navigation accuracy is low. Request to climb to minimum safe altitude.
We have a navigation map shift, unable to perform the R Nav approach. Request radar vectors.
Inertial reference system has failed. We are navigating on raw data. Request conventional approach.
The Morse code for the V O R is different from the approach chart. Confirm the V O R is fully operational.
The I L S signal seems to be very unstable. Did any other pilot report a similar situation?
The approach lights for Runway tree six left are a bit different from those shown on the airport diagram.
The flight path is unstable. Going around.
We made a missed approach due to unstable I L S signals.
The I L S signal was unstable. Request approach to another runway or request another type of approach.
The D M E indication is not correct. Confirm the D M E is still in service.
We have lost our flight plan after a flight management computer reset.
We need a few minutes to reprogram the flight management computers. Request radar vectors.
We need to reconfigure the flight management computers for approach. Request holding instructions.
We are now flying with basic navigation due to systems failure. Request radar vectors.
We have multiple failures on the inertial reference system. We are no longer able to fly oceanic route. Request return for landing.
We do not meet G P S approach requirement due to flight crew qualifications.
Our Airline policy does not allow us to perform Category three Charlie approach.
Our operations manual forbids this procedure.
Our Aviation Authority does not permit this procedure.
We are unable to conform to the noise abatement procedure due performance.
We are not qualified for Category three Bravo approach and auto-land. Request diversion.
Our V H F number One receiver has failed. We are no longer monitoring one two one decimal fife.
All stations, transmitting blind due to receiver failure.
All of our V H F transmitters have failed, now transmitting on H F radio. Please respond.
Our Selcal has malfunctioned. We will continue monitoring your frequency.
We are receiving an E L T signal on one two one decimal fife.
We are picking up a broadcast signal on one two one decimal fife.
Our satellite phone is unserviceable. We are unable to call company operations.
Our data-link has malfunctioned. Request re-release the flight plan by voice.
Our data-link has malfunctioned. Request A T C clearance by voice.
My apologies, I wasn't aware the boom mike was transmitting.
Sorry for blocking the frequency due microphone jammed.
We have an electrical failure.
One of our generators has failed. At present moment, we are still able to continue to our destination.
Request diversion to the nearest suitable airport due A C bus failure.
We are not supplying power to our D C bus. Request priority landing.
We have a problem with the aircraft battery. Request priority landing.
One of our transformers has failed. I'll let you know if a diversion is required.
Electrical system has a serious malfunction. Request radar vectors to an airport that's within 20 minutes off light time.
We are operating with only the emergency generator. Request track direct to final, Runway two six.
We are flying with batteries only. Is there any airport available within 25 minutes of flying?
If there is no airport within 100 miles, we have to make a forced landing.
We have less than 10 minutes of battery power left. We are preparing for ditching procedure.
We have switched off most of our electrical systems for smoke procedure. Request vectors for a long final, Runway one fife.
We have cut off the electrical system to the cabin and the onboard fire is under control.
We had an electrical fire from the galley, now extinguished. Request return to land.
There was a fire from the avionics bay. Request radar vectors for final.
We have had a bird strike. Our windshield has cracked.
The windshield suddenly had electrical arcing. We need to pull the circuit breakers and delay the approach.
The cockpit side window is not sealed properly. Request reduce to minimum speed and descend to four tousand feet.
We had to go around due pilot seat moving. We'll try to reset the circuit breaker before making another approach.
We have already discharged the engine extinguishers. The fire warning light is still on. Do you have a visual on our left engine?
We cannot extinguish the engine fire. Request priority landing and emergency services on arrival.
We have an A P U fire warning. Can you verify if there is smoke coming from the back of the plane?
The A P U fire seems to be extinguished. Request fire trucks on standby and stairs vehicle to disembark the passengers.
The A P U is still on fire. We are evacuating. Request emergency services.
We had a cargo smoke warning. Advise the ground handlers not to open our cargo door until the passengers have all disembarked.
A passenger ignited the lavatory waste bin. Advise the airport police to await our arrival.
We have smoke coming out of our avionics bay. It is out of control. Request proceed direct to final and cancel all speed restrictions.
We have smoke coming from our avionics bay. We are evacuating. Request fire trucks.
We have smoke coming from our avionics bay. We are disembarking the passengers.
Request descent to one zero tousand feet to ventilate the aircraft due smoke.
We had emptied most of our fire extinguishers, but the cabin fire is still on.
We are having flight control problems.
Our flight control computers are not functioning well. We are having difficulty maintaining level flight, unable R V S M.
Our pitch control has malfunctioned. We cannot move the elevators. We are flying the airplane with only trim.
The aircraft has a tendency to roll to the right. I need additional airspace to maneuver.
We have finished the checklist but still cannot retract some of the speed brakes. Request the longest runway for landing.
We cannot fully extend the flaps. Request the longest runway for landing.
We have asymmetric flaps. Airplane is rolling to the left. Request holding to solve the problem.
Request high speed approach. Part of our flight control surfaces have separated from the wing.
Request immediate climb above the minimum safe altitude to perform the checklist due to run-away trim condition.
Request vectors for long final. We are controlling the airplane with mechanical backup.
Request return to Flight Level two fife zero. We just had an air-upset situation and lost a lot of altitude.
We have a problem with yaw damping. The aircraft is oscillating severely. Request diversion.
We have lost electrical power to some of the flight control actuators. Request delay our descent to perform checklist.
Some of our fuel pumps have low pressure. Request descent.
We have a problem with fuel temperature. Request holding position on the taxiway.
We are leaking fuel slowly. Request diversion.
We have a severe fuel leak situation, unable to reach the closest airport. You can expect us to make a forced landing near our present location.
Our cabin crew reports that we have fuel leak from the right wing. Request diversion to closest suitable airport.
We have already shut down engine Number One, but it is still leaking fuel near the pylon. Request emergency services.
The ground crew reports that we are leaking a bit of fuel from the bottom of the right engine nacelle. We are delaying taxi.
We need to continue to run the engines at our present location for a few minutes, will advise you shortly.
The ground crew reports that we are leaking a significant amount of fuel from the bottom of Number Three engine. We have just shut it down.
The fuel leak has stopped. But if a fire starts at any time, I will order an evacuation.
We have leaked a large amount of fuel onto the apron. Request fire trucks on standby and the stairs vehicle to disembark the passengers.
We might have a fuel leak near the wing root. Request fire trucks on arrival.
We have fumes in the cabin, possibly due to a fuel leak. We are anticipating an immediate evacuation after landing.
We are evacuating. Advise emergency personnel that fuel odors are still present in the cabin.
We are too heavy for landing. Request fuel-dump at the fuel dumping area.
Request climb for dumping fuel and vectors to the fuel dump zone.
We need about 18 minutes to jettison fuel before coming in for the approach.
We cannot shut off the fuel dump valve. Request radar vectors for short final, Runway one seven.
We are indicating fuel filter clog. Request descent and to maintain high speed.
Our left engine failed due to fuel starvation.
We are near the freezing temperature of jet fuel. Request descent to Flight Level tree niner zero.
We suspect there is contamination in our fuel tanks.
One of our hydraulic systems has exceeded temperature limits.
We have shut down one of the hydraulic systems.
The backup hydraulic system is operational but we still want to divert.
Our hydraulic systems have a malfunction. Request descent to lower levels to extend flaps in advance.
Our hydraulic fluid is dangerously low, possibly due to a leak. Request descent to lower levels to extend flaps.
Two of our hydraulic systems have failed. Request immediate diversion.
Our ram air turbine is not providing any hydraulic pressure. We are still operating on one hydraulic system only. Request diversion to the nearest suitable airport.
Request the longest runway and vectors for a wide downwind due to hydraulic failure.
We still have only one hydraulic system. Request the longest runway for landing.
Our left engine anti-ice system has failed. Request immediate climb to leave the icing area.
We must descend immediately to exit icing conditions. Our right engine bleed air has failed.
Both our windshield heating systems have failed. Ice is obstructing our view. Request latest airport weather.
We had electrical arcing on the windshield and pulled the circuit breakers according to the checklist. Will advise when ready for approach.
We performed the missed approach because my windshield wiper became inoperative and I could not see very well.
Our pitot static heating system has failed. We might have an altitude error.
We made the overshoot because of a stall warning, probably caused by a defective angle of attack probe.
I had to abort takeoff because I didn't receive any airspeed indication.
We have an error in our airspeed. Request to climb to minimum safe altitude.
We have master warning lights in the cockpit. Request landing at the nearest suitable airport.
We have a master caution. I will notify you if a diversion is required.
Some of our instruments are not indicating correctly. Request level off to perform checklist.
Two of our display units have failed. We are no longer R N P qualified. Request diversion.
We made the go around due to navigation accuracy downgrade.
We made the go around due to F M S position error.
We made the go around due to map drift on our navigation display.
We made the go around due to G P S error.
We made the go around due to lateral deviation exceedance.
We made the go around due to C D U failure.
We made the go around because we exceeded the vertical deviation limit.
We no longer have altitude warning. Request leaving R V S M airspace.
We have autopilot disconnection. We are no longer R V S M qualified. Request leaving R V S M airspace.
Our landing capability has degraded. Request terminate our approach.
Request to climb to minimum safe altitude due to malfunction of navigation computers.
We performed the go-around because we had a ground proximity warning.
We have conflicting traffic at one o'clock, 6 miles, descending. Request heading one tree zero for avoidance.
We have conflicting traffic at eleven o'clock, 8 miles, climbing. Request vectors for avoidance.
Traffic at our twelve o'clock, 10 miles, climbing. Should we expedite our descent to cross altitudes?
Unable, TEE-cas R A.
We are clear of conflict. Request further instructions.
About twenty passengers and crew members were injured during the TEE-cas maneuver. Request diversion and medical assistance on arrival.
We are having abnormal engine indications. Request to reduce speed to 250 knots.
Our engine parameters are unstable. Request stop climb at Flight Level two two zero.
Our oil pressure reading is lower than normal. Request hold at present position.
The oil temperature is higher than normal. We are monitoring other engine parameters.
Engine indicates high E G T at idle power setting. We need to have partial thrust in the descent. Request an early descent.
We are reading high engine vibration. Request to delay takeoff.
Cabin altitude is increasing abnormally. Request to level off.
Our instruments indicate excessive high cabin altitude.
Our instrument indicates abnormal cabin pressure differential.
Our fuel endurance is 48 minutes. We must leave the hold otherwise we will be at minimum fuel.
Cockpit oxygen cylinder pressure is low. Request to return for landing.
We are holding at present position. It appears one of the over-wing exits has unlocked.
It seems some of the spoilers cannot be retracted. We have to recalculate our landing distance before we start our approach, standby.
We have an indication that the nose wheel did not extend properly. Request low pass for visual check.
We have lost our braking. We used thrust reversers to stop the aircraft. Request ground services to chock the nose wheel.
Our brakes have seized. The tyres might burst during touchdown. Request fire trucks on arrival.
We made the go-around because our landing gear wouldn't extend normally. Request holding pattern to perform checklist.
We have exhausted all options. We will land without the nose gear fully locked.
We cannot extend the left landing gear. Request foaming the runway.
Request diversion to a nearby airport with foaming capability.
We applied maximum braking when we rejected takeoff. Request fire services to escort the aircraft back to the apron.
The tyres are deflated. We will have to hold at present position for maintenance inspection.
I think we blew a nose wheel tyre. Request holding position.
We no longer have airspeed and altitude on our primary displays.
We have errors with our navigation. Request radar monitoring.
Our inertial reference system has failed, unable G P S approach. Request I L S or V O R approach.
We made the go around because the G P W S warning was triggered.
We have to recalibrate our instruments. Request to level off and maintain heading.
Our A D S B transmitter appears to be malfunctioning. Terminating further A D S B transmissions.
A D S B equipment degradation, will advise when able to resume operations.
G P S unreliable, terminating A D S B transmissions.
Our A D S B has malfunctioned. Is there any weather advisory at our destination?
We made an overshoot because our A D S B indicated a possible runway incursion.
We made a go-around due to head-up display problem. We'll inform you when we are ready for the approach.
Our airspeed is unreliable. Request climb to minimum safe altitude to perform checklist.
Our airspeed is unreliable. Request radar vectors for long final.
We made the go-around because the radio altimeter triggered flare mode.
Our weather radar has failed and we are in I M C. Request return for landing.
Our weather radar has malfunctioned. What is the highest available level for cruise?
Our weather radar has failed. How did the preceding aircraft deviate from the weather?
We do not have that route in our database. Which heading should we maintain for now?
We do not have that runway in our database. Request delay our descent while we program the C D U.
We have a navigation malfunction. Request diversion to a suitable airport that has less complex terrain.
Our oxygen pressure is dropping rapidly. Request to fly heading zero fife zero and descent to Flight Level one eight zero to escape from the mountainous area.
The NOTAM says the I L S is unserviceable, but we are still picking up the Morse Code, confirm it is still in operation.
We have an engine failure. Following E TOPS procedure, request descent to Flight Level two zero zero, maintain high speed and proceed direct to alternate airport.
We cannot provide oxygen to the passengers as we are not sure where the smoke is coming from.
Many passengers have suffered from smoke inhalation. Request medical services.
There was heavy smoke in the cabin before we ventilated the aircraft. Request medical assistance for passengers after landing.
The aircraft is depressurized. We are descending. Confirm one zero tousand feet is enough to clear terrain until we reach our alternate.
We are no longer getting bleed air from the right engine. Request immediate descent to leave the icing area.
Our A P U bleed air malfunctioned during engine startup. We are calling the ground staff, standby.
We are expediting descent to enable a windmill startup. Request further descent.
We are unable to restart engine number one with bleed air. Request high speed for a windmill air start.
Both engine bleed air systems have failed and we are relying on A P U bleed for air conditioning. Request descent to one four tousand feet.
We have no bleed air coming from either engines or A P U. Request rapid descent to one zero tousand feet.
We are leaking bleed air. Request turn right heading zero niner fife to avoid the icing area.
C P D L C has malfunctioned. We are reverting to voice communication.
Disregard my last C P D L C request for climb. We have a system problem and will maintain present level for now.
C P D L C terminated due to failure, reverting to voice communication.
We just had an A P U fire warning, and discharged the fire extinguisher, Request visual check if there is smoke coming from our tail section.
Another aircraft has seen a lot of smoke coming from our A P U. We are evacuating. Request emergency services.
We are at bay 15. We have an A P U fire. Request fire services.
We have a generator failure and cannot start our A P U at this altitude. Request descent to perform A P U startup.
A passenger has opened an over-wing emergency exit. The slide has deployed. Request to cancel our slot time.
A passenger tried to unlock the cabin door in flight, the cabin crew restrained him. Request airport police on arrival.
We have an abnormal noise coming from one of our cabin doors. Request rapid descent to fife tousand feet.
Smoke is coming from the cabin floor. We are performing an evacuation. All slides have been deployed.
We had a smoke warning from the forward cargo hold. We are evacuating.
We have a cargo smoke warning. We are disembarking passengers. Request fire services.
We have smoke coming from our avionics bay. Advise the fire fighters that it might be an electrical fire.
The cockpit windshield has cracked. Request descent to Flight Level two two zero.
The windshield is cracked on the outside. Request descent.
Neither of us can see through our windshield. Does your airport permit auto-land?
Our thrust lever is not responsive. We cannot reduce thrust on engine Number One. Request holding.
Our engine control has malfunctioned. We cannot get much thrust. Request immediate descent.
We have a thrust reverser opened in flight. We cannot maintain this level. Request immediate descent.
We still cannot retract the thrust reverser. Our approach speed will be higher than normal. Request vectors for the longest Runway.
We aborted takeoff due loss of engine oil pressure.
We have an engine oil leak. Request diversion.
We have a low oil pressure warning from engine Number Two. Request diversion.
Engine Number One has a temperature problem. Request holding to perform checklist.
Our E G T continues to be above the maximum limit. Request descent. We might shut down engine Number Two shortly.
We have performed our procedures but engine vibration still exists. Request diversion.
The engine vibration is now causing the airplane to shake violently. We are shutting down our engine Number Three.
We've made a visual inspection of engine Number Two from the cabin. The engine cowling has fallen off.
Engine Number Three has smoke coming out of the pylon section. We are evacuating.
Ground vehicle has collided with our engine nacelle. Maintenance work is needed before flight. Request cancel our airway clearance.
The Number Two engine has been shut down. We are no longer able to maintain level flight. Request descent to Flight Level two zero zero.
The uncontained engine failure has caused parts of the fuselage to be damaged. Request emergency descent.
Our left engine has ingested F O D. We are shutting down engines and holding position.
There is a huge gaping hole in the aisle, somehow the cabin floor has been punctured. We are re-seating passengers. Request holding.
We have abnormal noise coming from the mid section of our fuselage, somewhere near the ceiling. Request descent and reduce speed.
We heard an explosion from the cabin. Request to stop climb.
We are unsure about the cause of the explosion. There are injuries in the cabin. We'll give you an update as soon as possible.
Some passengers have cuts and burn wounds due onboard explosion. Request diversion and medical services upon arrival.
Ice is accumulating rapidly on the wings and fuselage. Request emergency descent to six tousand feet.
We are encountering moderate icing. Request immediate descent.
We made a diversion due to reports of freezing rain at our original destination.
We are on emergency descent due severe icing.
We are encountering clear ice. Request immediate right turn to heading one tree zero.
Rime ice was reported by previous aircraft during approach.
We cannot continue holding in icing conditions. Request descent immediately and cancel speed restrictions.
We have a "Wind-shear Ahead" warning message. Request to delay takeoff or change to another runway.
We have a "Wind-shear Ahead" warning. Request to delay our approach.
We made the go around due to wind-shear warning.
We have received information of a new volcanic eruption. Will it affect our route?
We are unsure of our position due heavy fog. We are holding position.
We had a rapid airspeed decay due turbulence. Request immediate descent to Flight Level tree niner zero.
We had to descend immediately due to wind-shear at our cruise level. We didn't have time to request descent as the frequency was busy.
The airplane began to buffet when climbing through Flight Level tree eight zero. We had to stop climb immediately to increase airspeed.
We are flying near our maximum altitude. We cannot maintain airspeed in this turbulence. Request immediate descent.
I apologize for the level bust, but we needed the altitude loss to recover from wind-shear.
We encountered heavy rain and had a temporary flame out on our right engine. Request immediate climb.
We won't have to deviate if you allow us to climb to Flight Level four tree zero.
The thunderstorms will last for about 40 minutes according to the weather update. Request diversion.
We have encountered severe clear air turbulence. Request immediate descent.
Request a general heading zero fife zero due to multiple cells ahead.
We have stopped on Runway two tree and will remain on the runway due heavy fog. I say again, we are still on the runway.
There is heavy drifting fog. We think it is no longer safe to taxi. Request to hold at present position.
Frontal weather is quickly moving in from the west. If the holding is more than 10 minutes, we will have to divert.
We made the go-around because strong convective currents on short final made our approach unstable.
There was temperature inversion when we descended through tree tousand feet. Our airspeed dropped suddenly by two fife knots.
We performed the missed approach below the minimum because of advection fog. We could no longer see the runway lights.
The latest weather says that frontal weather and freezing rain is now stationary over the airport. Request diversion.
We can't find any gaps for at least 100 miles in the squall line covering our arrival route. Request diversion.
We can see dust swirls approaching the airport and we're concerned about low level wind-shear. Request holding.
The latest SIGMET says a super-cell thunderstorm is developing at our destination. Is our flight affected?
Request to continue our flight. Our E T A is in two hours and maybe the airport will have the runways cleared of snow by then.
We had to make a quick heading change due ice pellets. You didn't answer our request so we squawked seven seven zero zero and made the heading change.
We were struck by hail. Our airframe is severely damaged. Request emergency services.
We have just encountered a lightning strike. Some of our instruments have erroneous indications. Request diversion to the nearest suitable airport.
We have had a lightning strike. So far no system seems to be affected. We will continue to our destination.
Roger heavy rain. Request to terminate our approach.
Request to cancel our approach. The runway is not long enough and there are water patches.
Request to cancel our approach. Braking action is poor and we're concerned about hydroplaning during rollout.
Request holding instructions. We'll attempt another approach when the rain showers become lighter.
We have received reports of freezing rain ranging from ground up to fife tousand feet. Request diversion.
We have observed blowing sand in the vicinity of the airport. How long will this last?
A sandstorm is forecast to reach the airport within 20 minutes. We won't get airborne by then. Request cancel startup and tow back to the gate.
Heavy blowing snow is expected to last for another 30 minutes. Request to terminate approach and holding instructions.
Runway is covered with patches of ice. Braking action is medium to poor.
Ice patches are covering the runway mostly along the runway edge. Uncontaminated runway width is about 30 meters.
A dissipating thunderstorm is ahead of us. We are near the zero-degree isotherm. Request deviate an additional 10 miles to the right.
We have a visual on a tornado at our ten o'clock, about 2 miles. Request immediate right turn.
The weather forecast says that the typhoon along our route will be intensifying. Request change our airway clearance.
The hurricane has gathered in strength and will affect all airports at the south coast. Request diversion.
A Pilot overflying reported seeing virga above the runways. Request to terminate our approach.
Request immediate one eighty turn to the right due volcanic ash.
We have entered volcanic ash. Our radios and engines are not working properly, now heading two tree fife, and descending to Flight Level two two zero, squawking seven seven zero zero.
We are landing into the sun in heavy haze. Can you turn on the approach lights to maximum intensity?
Lining up Runway tree fife. Runway lights are too bright. Request to dim the runway lights.
There are red lights ahead of us. Confirm taxi instructions.
There is an obstruction ahead. Confirm taxi instructions.
The NOTAM says this part of the taxiway is closed during this period, please verify.
The follow-me vehicle is leading us to taxiway Lima tree. Our wings will not clear the other airplanes on this narrow taxiway. We are stopping.
We are stopping. The ground marshaller is still guiding us in, but I think my engine will hit the boarding bridge if we taxi any further.
We are stopping taxi. The boarding bridge is not at its designated position.
We are shutting down our engines. There are boxes blown by the wind toward our aircraft.
We had difficulty starting up our engines due strong tailwind. Request to change our pushback position facing west.
Another aircraft has collided with us. I'll command an evacuation as soon as we both turn off our engines.
The tow bar has been bent. Our maintenance crew will inspect our nose wheel. Holding position.
The tug has swung around and collided with our forward fuselage. We are shutting down engines. Request stairs vehicle and shuttle bus.
A catering truck collided with our aft fuselage. There are fumes in the cabin and we are quickly disembarking all passengers. Request fire services.
The flaps were extended inadvertently and hit the fuel truck. We are disembarking all onboard personnel. Request fire services.
Our airplane nose has now lifted off the ground due to improper load and balance. Request ground maintenance.
We have discovered leakage of dangerous goods in the cargo hold. Can you alert hazardous material specialists?
Our cabin crew will direct all passengers to stay outside the runway after evacuation.
The outer main landing gear might have rolled over runway lights when we made the one eighty turn. Request personnel to inspect.
We have a suspicious bag on board. Request bomb squad.
The passengers are evacuating. The bomb is still on board.
A passenger has assembled a bomb in the lavatory. He is making threats. Request emergency services.
Request a remote apron for parking our aircraft due bomb on board.
We have had a tail strike. Request to stop climb at tree tousand feet and return for landing.
We have veered off the runway due asymmetric thrust. We are evacuating. Request emergency assistance.
We cannot get good climb profile due engine problems. Request maintain runway heading.
We made a very hard landing. We'll need maintenance inspection before our next flight. Suggest you check the runway touchdown zone.
The center of gravity is disturbed. We will relocate passengers prior to approach. Request holding.
Request a large airspace to maneuver due flight control problems.
My apologies for the deviation due the wrong altitude setting. Request further instructions.
My apologies for the level deviation. We were caught in a strong updraft.
We used too much speed brakes and penetrated our level. Did we cause any conflict?
We were not informed of a frequency change. I will now monitor your frequency.
Unable visual approach due company policy. Request radar vectors.
Unable circling approach due company policy. Request diversion.
Are we being vectored too close to the parallel aircraft?
Is the preceding aircraft crossing our altitude?
I can read you, but I'm not sure you can hear me. I will squawk ident to comply with your instructions.
I see wildfire at my ten o'clock, about 8 miles.
I have heard an aircraft in distress but no one's responding. I can help relay his message.
Message relay: The aircraft in distress will ditch in the ocean. His present coordinate is One Eight Degrees, One Five Minutes, North, One Six Zero Degrees, Five Two Minutes East.
The aircraft in distress says he will attempt to force land in an area about ten miles Northeast of his position.
Request offset 10 miles left to avoid the reported strong downdraft.
Request diversion. The latest weather at our destination suggests snow storm will last for 5 hours.
Our radar shows a strong echo from the thunderstorm ahead. Request immediate right turn to avoid it.
Request immediate one-eighty turn to the right due to possible hail ahead.
We have three serious and five minor injuries on board. Request ambulances on arrival.
One passenger is having difficulty breathing. Request descent to a lower level to reduce cabin altitude.
A passenger activated the overhead emergency oxygen generator. Request airport security on arrival to detain this individual.
A stressed passenger attempted to open an emergency exit. Request airport security on arrival.
We have a hostage situation. Request stair vehicles on standby to disembark the passengers.
We have a passenger with severe hyperventilation. He has received first aid but his condition is not improving. Request ambulance on arrival.
We have a passenger with a suspected heart attack. Request diversion to a suitable airport.
A pregnant passenger is in severe pain. Request priority landing and ambulance on arrival.
There was a fight onboard among a few passengers. One of them is now bleeding seriously. Request police and ambulances on arrival.
The purser told me the injured passenger has blood type O. Maybe this information is useful to the paramedics.
We have an 8-month old infant with head injuries. Request ambulance on arrival.
A passenger is unconscious after suffering from seizure. The cabin crew is giving her first aid. We will advise if we require a diversion.
Many passengers and crew were injured due severe turbulence. We will advise the number and severity of injuries when able.
An elderly passenger has passed away. We will continue to our destination. Request ambulance on arrival.
We found a passenger unconscious from a drug overdose in the lavatory. Request police and ambulance on arrival.
The sick passenger's condition has improved. We no longer require the diversion. Request to continue to our destination.
We received an emergency call from the cabin, but now nobody is responding. We can hear shouting and disturbance. Our cabin crew might be under duress.
We have a hijack situation on board. Can our destination airport provide armed intervention?
We can see two masked men with sharp weapons on our cockpit door surveillance camera. They are kicking the cockpit door.
I can see the area outside of the cockpit. There are two hijack suspects standing in the aisle.
One of the terrorists is about forty-year old. He is about 180 cm tall, wearing a brown shirt and dark pants.
A terrorist is trying to access the cockpit. He is about 30 years old. He is wearing a hat and backpack.
The purser reports there are over ten hijackers onboard. They are threatening to kill passengers if we don't fly to another destination.
Some of the hijackers are carrying sharp protruding weapons.
There is a stand-off in the cabin. Some of the hijackers are carrying blades.
Terrorists started to injure passengers.
We will remain on the runway. The hijackers have taken four hostages to the rear of the cabin.
Terrorists are threatening to start killing passengers and the crew.
The air marshal and passengers have restrained five suspects. The situation is now under control.
A suspicious suitcase was found during the cabin inspection.
The air marshal is searching the aircraft interior for any suspicious articles.
Some explosives were discovered behind a panel near the back of the cabin.
What do the bomb-disposal experts suggest we do?
The cabin crew reports a passenger is behaving strangely.
A bomb has exploded and the cabin is full of smoke. Request emergency descent.
We are evacuating on the runway. Be advised the bomb is still on board.
We are unsure of our position due to navigation failure. If any station can hear me, please respond.
We only have standby magnetic compass due instrument failure. Now heading two four fife. Request navigation assistance.
We are unsure of our position due F M S failure. Last known position five miles north of Fupad, now heading one six fife for weather avoidance.
We have navigation map drift. Request climb to M E A.
Our cargo manifest shows that there are 80 kilograms of lithium batteries on board.
A ramp inspection discovered crates of lithium batteries in the cargo hold. We are verifying. Request delay pushback.
We had a smoke warning in the cargo hold. We have discharged the fire extinguisher. We are concerned about lithium batteries in that compartment.
The cabin crew have used up all the portable extinguishers. Request diversion.
Request passenger stairs connect immediately after we stop on the runway. We want to disembark passengers as quickly as possible.
We almost had a mid-air collision with another aircraft.
The conflicting traffic is military. Request avoiding action.
Does the flight path of the unknown aircraft converge with ours?
The conflicting traffic is gray, possibly a military aircraft.
We have traffic indication at two o'clock, tree hundred feet above our level.
We have a possible traffic conflict at ten o'clock, converging with our flight path.
We have a possible traffic conflict ahead. Request radar vectors for avoidance.
Request right turn for traffic avoidance.
Unable to comply, TEE-cas R A.
We nearly collided with that aircraft. We had very little vertical separation. Do you know the flight number of that aircraft?
Clear of conflict, request further instructions.
We have injuries resulting from our TEE-cas maneuver. Request ambulance on arrival.
Some of the cabin crew are injured. They were serving meals during the TEE-cas maneuver.
Some passengers were injured because their seatbelts weren't fastened.
Some passengers have been scalded by hot drinks.
We have about thirty injured persons on board, four are very serious. Can you deliver this message to the medical staff that are standing by?
We overran the runway end. We are evacuating. Request emergency services.
We veered off the runway. We are evacuating near the runway and rapid exit Juliett fife.
We will reach our minimum fuel if we are delayed any further.
We are declaring minimum fuel. We will have less than 30 minutes endurance by the time we get to our destination.
We are declaring fuel emergency. Our endurance is 1 hour 58 minutes. We are 1 hour 30 minutes from the closest alternate airport.
We are declaring fuel emergency. Request priority landing Runway zero tree right.
We have been intercepted by a military aircraft. It is rocking its wings to indicate we should follow.
I'm trying to identify the type and nationality of the military aircraft. So far, no response on one two one decimal fife.
The military aircraft is commanding us to land at the airfield below.
The military aircraft has made an abrupt maneuver indicating we may continue on this heading.
We are being escorted towards the national boundary by two military aircraft.
We are heading zero eight fife. This heading allows us to quickly exit the prohibited airspace.
If we continue to make orbits we will exceed our duty time limit by the time we land.
A crew member is incapacitated. Request diversion and medical assistance.
They have revived the unconscious passenger by C P R procedure. It looks like he'll be fine. Request to cancel the diversion.
Confirm we are being vectored to fly overhead the airport for right downwind.
Confirm we have enough separation from preceding aircraft.
Unable to expedite climb due performance.
Negative contact due visibility.
Unable, we are in I M C.
Unable, we are only authorized during daytime V M C.
Unable noise abatement due company policy.
Did the previous controller tell you about our problem during radar handoff?
Is there a frequency change at this compulsory reporting point?
Unable speed 180 knots. We need to maintain a good speed in clean configuration due icing.
Unable to reduce speed below mach decimal seven four. You can vector us if you'd like.
Request runway change for departure due high crosswind.
Request delay the approach due tail wind beyond limits.
Request holding instructions due weather near the runway threshold.
Unable, an immediate right turn might not give us enough terrain clearance. Our turn radius is 4 miles at this speed.
Sorry, there was a problem with my audio equipment. How do you read me now?
We had to overshoot because of wake turbulence.
Not ready for immediate takeoff due possible wake turbulence from departing heavy aircraft.
Unable Category two approach due crew qualification.
Transmission blocked, say again.
Standby, high pilot workload.
Are you banning us from entry because of our airline or our aircraft type?
Our aircraft has the required certification and is approved by your Civil Aviation Authority for scheduled flight.
We had to go around due to unstable approach.
